"How about a thank you, you miserable wee bitch?" - Gordon Ramsay
"What are you?" "An idiot sandwich." "WHAT ARE YOU!?" "AN IDIOT SANDWICH." - Gordon Ramsay and Contestant
"The lamb is so undercooked, a Swedish man can still make love to it." - Gordon Ramsay
"Now fuck off, you fat useless sack of fucking yankee doodle dandy shite. Fuck off, will ya?" - Gordon Ramsay
"She stares at me like something out of The-fucking-Shining." - Gordon Ramsay
"Hey, panini head, are you listening to me?" - Gordon Ramsay
"You give me anaemic bits of shit, I'll fucking throw them up your ass sideways." - Gordon Ramsay
"Take the giraffe back to the table, please." - Gordon Ramsay
"And it looks like two poodles' penises. Doused in parsely..." - Gordon Ramsay
"When I bang she comes. When you bang she comes. Sounds like a porn movie..." - Gordon Ramsay
"Gently, gently, gently, gently. Make love to it, don't fuck it!" - Gordon Ramsay
"For what we are about to eat, may the Lord make us truly not vomit." - Gordon Ramsay
"YOU DONKEY!" - Gordon Ramsay
"How the fuck did you burn ice cream?" - Gordon Ramsay
"Piss off!" - Gordon Ramsay
"The beef is so raw I can hear it fucking mooing!" - Gordon Ramsay
"It's raw. RAWWWWWW!" - Gordon Ramsay
"The chicken is so raw, it's pecking the rice." - Gordon Ramsay
"You fucking bozo." - Gordon Ramsay
"All of you, come here!" - Gordon Ramsay
"YOU! YOU! YOU! YOU! YOU! GET THE FUCK OUT!" - Gordon Ramsay
"You're a first class cunt." - Gordon Ramsay
"Fine dining? A fine fucking mess!" - Gordon Ramsay
"You're about as consistent as pigeon shit in Trafalgar Square." - Gordon Ramsay
"A black jacket? You need a straight jacket." - Gordon Ramsay
"It's the kind of shit you'd expect Tiger Woods to tee off with." - Gordon Ramsay
"Rubber rubber RUBBER!" - Gordon Ramsay
"It looks like Ghandi's flip flop." - Gordon Ramsay
"You stupid, thick bitch." - Gordon Ramsay
"You're cooking in a burnt pan, you dick!" - Gordon Ramsay
"You look like a female version of Hannibal Lector." - Gordon Ramsay
"It's like a plastic silicone implant." - Gordon Ramsay
"Come here, you fat mouthed little stupid bitch." - Gordon Ramsay
"WHERE'S THE LAMB SAUCE? WHERE'S THE LAMB SAUCE!!???" - Gordon Ramsay
"Cook the spinach to order you lazy cow." - Gordon Ramsay
"It's like a bison's penis, look at it!" - Gordon Ramsay
